what's going on pimp since the love
machine with a Valentine's Day special
but first I'm gonna take care of this
gameplay this is a pm-9 moab with a
silencer and specialist strike package
and one caution just don't fucking do
this this is only gonna lead to a
headache and this game bullshit enough
so that's the end of that and now I got
a great deal for you guys Valentine's
Day coming up what's at the 9th today
you got five days left here's what
you're going to do go to proflowers.com
this is only for the US I don't know
about foreign country of man to that
shit but go to proflowers.com go to the
top right hand corner there's a thing
about radio promotions you're going to
click that you're going to type in the
code 5050 I'll write this in the
description you're gonna get a
twenty-dollar bouquet of roses the
rainbow colored assorted roses your girl
will love them they are a panty dropper
valentine's day will go better for you
go better for her she'll be proud of you
and i give you massage one thing leads
to another you're in there like flip
baby so now we got a little question
from a subscriber and i assume that most
people would want to know this because
you know this is something i thought
about and i actually consulted a few
women to get a good answer for you guys
the question is how do you ask a girl to
be your valentine if all of them gave me
a simple answer and that is go to
facebook especially if you're in high
school and you don't want to be awkward
because he the question asked if you
should go do it at lunch or something no
I think you should do it on Facebook one
because it's not pressuring her in
person maybe she's around her friends
and if she's alone it she could be
intimidated if she's with her friends
under pressure and if it's in facebook
chat it's kind of like a time-sensitive
thing she might feel rushed so what you
want to do is you want to get on
facebook and messenger and all you want
to do is say a message like you know
I've been thinking will you be my
Valentine you know not something too
much don't be too wording you don't want
to have her freaking out about what
you're saying you want to be short and
sweet and you know what this is a good
thing about the facebook thing if she
says nothing back if she doesn't message
you text view anything you know what
you're gonna do to get that girl now
you're gonna go out there friend that's
right motherfucker you're gonna go after
her friend and you're gonna tell her
friend oh my goodness I've been after
you for so long I really want to have
you be my Valentine and you know what
that's gonna do if you can get a friend
then the girl that you went for
originally is gonna be so pissed she's
gonna want you so bad she's gonna want
you because she can't have you so think
about that I forget the name of the
subscriber who sent them that question
but seriously that is a really good
tactic I consulted the girls this is
what they say I'm just synthesizing the
info guys this is all for you so now we
have a couple categories about what type
of gifts you're looking to give all
right so if you're interested in this
girl maybe she doesn't know you maybe
you go to school together see if your
school has one of those fundraiser
things where you can send a flower maybe
to her homeroom or something I don't
know maybe you can do that I used to do
that all the time and honestly guys buy
in bulk send a bunch of flowers out
anonymously especially if it's anonymous
you can send help 5 attend flowers and
see who brings back the best reaction
and you can just consult them one at a
time on facebook or text them up or
whatever even approach them say hey did
you get my flower and see what they say
you know if they have they're like who
do you think you I and just like bitch
fuck off I'm fine for you but if she's
like oh my god that was so sweet then
you know you got a keeper guys so you're
looking for that type of reaction after
thats little section of her not knowing
you there's the knowing part and then
that's where the facebook then comes in
you ass would be your valentine and she
says yes and that's when you ask
don't be stingy don't take her to
chick-fil-a or applebees a fuckin
anything 99 you want to take her
somewhere nice somewhere that other guys
wouldn't take her that's your leg up I
got a phrase fake it till you make it if
you don't have 50 bucks who gives a shit
find 50 bucks take her to a nice dinner
I promise you guys it will pay off these
things pay dividends look at the
comments from last video this girl is
all about putting in the time remember
guys all the time you put in that's what
she's gonna put out all right I hope you
guys enjoy this Valentine's Day guys
leave a comment with any more questions
I'm a Love Machine love out